a touch is an invitation to get to know
each other but is it all too good to be
true
the great silverback he won't be so
easily impressed
here he's the boss spy gorilla won't be
welcomed
without his Cecil a warning everyone
must stay back
can our spy when him over to they await
the Silverbacks decision until then
there's a line no one can cross his arm
a barrier between them and the newcomer
to show respect our spy averts his gaze
decision made
spider alum can stay
everyone can relax once more in adults
chest-beating is a show of power for
youngsters it's an invitation to play
[Music]
but games easily get out of hand
oops
[Music]
his look says it all
best pretend it never happened
but it's not the end for our spy he
lives to film another day
[Music]
you